Bump Sync to 3.10.1 (#1772)
realm/realm-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

vNext (TBD)
------------------

> The sync protocol version has been bumped to version 25. The server is backwards-compatible with clients using protocol version 24 or below, but clients at version 25 are not backwards-compatible with a server at protocol version 24. The server must be upgraded before any clients are upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You will need to upgrade your Realm Object Server to at least version 3.11.0 or use Realm Cloud before any clients are upgraded to this version. If you try to connect to a ROS v3.10.x or previous, you will see an error like `Wrong protocol version in Sync HTTP request, client protocol version = 25, server protocol version = 24.`.
```

### Enhancements
* Download progress is now reported to the server, even when there are no local changes. This allows the server to do history compaction much more aggressively, especially when there are many clients that rarely or never make local changes. ([#1772](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/1772))

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: I'm sure the sync upgrade fixes many issues - it might be a bit of work to enumerate those. But at least it should be mentioned that very critical bugs have been fixed.

Author: I believe it's all server-side fixes, do we expect any of these to affect clients?

Reviewer: Yeah there was definitely some fixes that meant that old clients could introduce bugs (was that no-merge invariant)?

* None.

### Compatibility
* Realm Object Server: 3.11.0 or later.
* APIs are backwards compatible with all previous releases in the 3.x.y series.
* File format: Generates Realms with format v9 (Reads and upgrades all previous formats)

### Breaking Changes
* The deprecated method `realm.SubscribeToObjectsAsync` has been removed in this version. ([#1772](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/1772))

 ### Internal

> * None.

Reviewer: Mention the upgrade of sync from X to Y

vNext (TBD)
------------------

> The sync protocol version has been bumped to version 25. The server is backwards-compatible with clients using protocol version 24 or below, but clients at version 25 are not backwards-compatible with a server at protocol version 24. The server must be upgraded before any clients are upgraded.

Reviewer: I wouldn't refer to the sync protocol version - it's not a known number. What users know is the ROS version.
You could take inspiration for the text for e.g. realm-js:

You will need to upgrade your Realm Object Server to at least version 3.11.0 or use Realm Cloud. If you try to connect to a ROS v3.10.x or previous, you will see an error like Wrong protocol version in Sync HTTP request, client protocol version = 25, server protocol version = 24.

> ### Enahancements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Enhancements
```

> * Clients using protocol 25 now report download progress to the server, even when they make no local changes. This allows the server to do history compaction much more aggressively, especially when there are many clients that rarely or never make local changes. ([#1772](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/1772))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Download progress is now reported to the server, even when there are no local changes. This allows the server to do history compaction much more aggressively, especially when there are many clients that rarely or never make local changes. ([#1772](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/pull/1772))
```

### Fixed

> <!-- * <How to hit and notice issue? what was the impact?> ([#????](https://github.com/realm/realm-dotnet/issues/????), since v?.?.?) -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
